[MUSIC]
>> Scott: All right, so this is what
I have right here, which is this.
So I put the gradient.
I got the same colors,
you could a color tool and
figure the colors if you look at designs.
And I kinda make a lot closer to it.
So what's actually happened here is I
imported the linear gradient that we
talked about.
I brought it in, here the color codes for
those two colors from this purple
to this magenta pinkish color.
But then I also installed this other thing
that I didn't tell you about which is
a button.
So we don't have to use
touchable pass anymore.
There's this button component that you
can install with this command right here.
APM install apsl-react-native-button.
If you was to Google React Native button,
I'm sure you'll see a lot of them.
This is just one of my favorite ones.
There's tons of them out there.
So I'll just use the button for
the start work out here.
And that's basically it for this one,
and we'll build the main one together,
just to show you.
Any questions on this one?
And I changed the styling around to put
everything in the middle because remember,
everything is flex, right?
So I got these containers, my convention
for the styling was, so I have this huge,
I have the overall container which is the
root, which is the layer gradient, right?
So that gets a flex one.
And then what you can do is you can
just put a line item center on that
container and all of its children's
gonna be centered automatically.
But you can also individually
wrap everything in its own view,
which also will take a line items and
justify content to center vertically and
horizontally for those specific views,
which is what I'm doing right now.
So this title is wrapped, this text for
Sweat Book, right here, is wrapped
in its own view which is justifying
its content and centering its content.
And the same thing for the text below it.
So it's flex boxes,
in flex boxes, in flex boxes.
So everything is a view here.
So we got one view, two view, three view,
four views with all text and
stuff in them.
So that was my philosophy on it.
But again, you can just put, you can just
center it from the root and just kinda go
from there too but I wanted a little more
control over, over the stuff on the page.
So I wrapped it in views.
This makes it easy too, to break this
stuff out to other components too.
Cuz it's just in the view,
just snap it out,
put in another component,
we're good to go.
Okay, so let's just head over
to this page where it's nothing.
And we'll just convert this
over to use some gradient too.
So let's head over to,
in my case I think it's Main,
and we'll import that gradient here, and
we'll just change this to linear gradient.
And then your gradient.
There we go.
And then for the colors,
>> Scott: I have the colors right here.
Let's see what the colors are.
>> Scott: Where are you, color?
No, it's somewhere else.
This one, there we go.
These colors.
>> Scott: Just gonna
add these colors here.
There we go, hit save.
There we go, and talk about those
lines here, it's killing me,
go away
>> Scott: There we go, sweet.
So now we have the linear gradient
right here on just this one tab.
If we swipe over,
actually I put it on both tabs, nevermind.
So they're on both tabs right now,
but you can put them on one tab.
For instance, right now just a text but
this was another component which we're
about to do then you will put it here.